README.md, before:

Contribute
======
I welcome any kind of contributions/requests/questions/general feedback.
possible methods to contact me:

1. [open an Issue](https://github.com/iliran11/facebook-login-react/issues/new)
2. send me a mail: iliran11@gmail.com
3. [contact me on facebook](https://www.facebook.com/Liran.Co.1984)

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/facebook-login-redux-react.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/facebook-login-redux-react)

Default Styling Of The Button
======

![button preview](http://i.imgur.com/4UHZAtX.png "")

Example: Integrating  Button with Redux
======
source code can be found in [demo](https://github.com/iliran11/facebook-login-react/tree/master/demo) folder.
the actual component is just the button (:
![app preview](http://i.imgur.com/MzaCdgO.gif "")



Installation
======

```
npm i facebook-login-redux-react
```

Usage
======

Props
------


| Props 	| Type 	| Default 	| Notes 	|
|---------------	|----------	|---------------------------------------------	|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------	|
| appId 	| string 	| None.It is a required prop. 	|  	|
| version 	| string 	| 'v2.9' 	| refer to [Facebook Docs](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/apps/changelog/) for explanation on available values 	|
| loginLabel 	| string 	| Log In To Facebook 	|  	|
| loginOptions 	| object 	| {scope: 'email'} 	| all options listed on [Facebook Docs](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/reference/javascript/FB.login/v2.9) are passable with camelCase. e.g : {returnScopes: false} 	|
| logoutLabel 	| string 	| Log out from Facebook 	|   	|
| verbose 	| boolean 	| false 	|  	|
| onWillMount 	| function 	|  	|  	|
| onClick 	| function 	|  	| will execute before the onLoginEvent/onLogoutEvent. useful for triggering the fetching event for redux store. 	|
| onLoginEvent 	| function 	|  	|  	|
| onLogoutEvent 	| function 	|  	|  	|



Example:
------


```xml
<FacebookReduxLogin
  appId='12345678'
  verbose={true}
  onLoginEvent={this.login}
  onLogoutEvent={this.logout}
  onClick={() => this.props.startFetching()}
  />
```
Development
======

- running the demo on dev server `npm start`. this will run the demo app, which is configured for redux, 

Styles
======

Styles are fully mergable and extensible.
they are passed as an object with 2 keys, 'loginBtn' and 'fbIcon' and they will be merged with the default styles object (will soon add support for the spinner styling)
```js
  styles: {
    loginBtn: {
      position: 'relative',
      padding: '0 15px 0px 46px',
      border: 'none',
      lineHeight: '34px',
      fontSize: '16px',
      color: '#FFF',
      backgroundImage: 'linear-gradient(#4C69BA, #3B55A0)'
    },
    fbIcon: {
      position: 'absolute',
      top: 0,
      left: 0,
      width: 34,
      height: '100%',
      background: "url(" + Icon + ") 6px 6px no-repeat"
    },
    spinner: {
      boxSizing: 'border-box',
      width: 30,
      height: '90%',
      borderRadius: '50%',
      border: '5px solid #f3f3f3',
      borderTop: '5px solid #3498db',
      animation: 'spin 2s linear infinite',
      position: 'absolute',
      left: 5
    }
  }
```

Tests
======

tests will be added hopefully soon.

Commit message:

moved the excessive stying to demo folder. removed onwillMount prop, replaced with SdkLoaded prop.

README.md, after:

Contribute
======
I welcome any kind of contributions/requests/questions/general feedback.
possible methods to contact me:
1. [open an Issue](https://github.com/iliran11/facebook-login-react/issues/new)
2. send me a mail: iliran11@gmail.com
3. [contact me on facebook](https://www.facebook.com/Liran.Co.1984)

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/facebook-login-redux-react.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/facebook-login-redux-react)

Default Styling Of The Button
======

![button preview](http://i.imgur.com/4UHZAtX.png "")

Example: Integrating  Button with Redux
======
source code can be found in [demo](https://github.com/iliran11/facebook-login-react/tree/master/demo) folder.
the actual component is just the button (:
![app preview](http://i.imgur.com/MzaCdgO.gif "")



Installation
======

```
npm i facebook-login-redux-react
```

Usage
======

Props
------


| Props 	| Type 	| Default 	| Notes 	|
|---------------	|----------	|---------------------------------------------	|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------	|
| appId 	| string 	| None.It is a required prop. 	|  	|
| version 	| string 	| 'v2.9' 	| refer to [Facebook Docs](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/apps/changelog/) for explanation on available values 	|
| loginLabel 	| string 	| Log In To Facebook 	|  	|
| loginOptions 	| object 	| {scope: 'email'} 	| all options listed on [Facebook Docs](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/reference/javascript/FB.login/v2.9) are passable with camelCase. e.g : {returnScopes: false} 	|
| logoutLabel 	| string 	| Log out from Facebook 	|   	|
| onClick 	| function 	|  	| will execute before the onLoginEvent/onLogoutEvent. useful for triggering the fetching event for redux store. 	|
| sdkLoaded | Object | returns an object with the following keys: <br> <b>isConnected</b>: Boolean. is the User conneted? <br> <b>FB:</b> the api object. |
| onLoginEvent 	| function 	|  	|  	|
| onLogoutEvent 	| function 	|  	|  	|



Example:
------


```xml
<FacebookReduxLogin
  appId='12345678'
  onLoginEvent={this.login}
  onLogoutEvent={this.logout}
  onClick={() => this.props.startFetching()}
  />
```
Development
======

- running the demo on dev server `npm start`. this will run the demo app, which is configured for redux, 

Styles
======

Styles are fully mergable and extensible.
they are passed as an object with 2 keys, 'loginBtn' and 'fbIcon' and they will be merged with the default styles object (will soon add support for the spinner styling)
```js
  styles: {
    loginBtn: {
      position: 'relative',
      padding: '0 15px 0px 46px',
      border: 'none',
      lineHeight: '34px',
      fontSize: '16px',
      color: '#FFF',
      backgroundImage: 'linear-gradient(#4C69BA, #3B55A0)'
    },
    fbIcon: {
      position: 'absolute',
      top: 0,
      left: 0,
      width: 34,
      height: '100%',
      background: "url(" + Icon + ") 6px 6px no-repeat"
    },
    spinner: {
      boxSizing: 'border-box',
      width: 30,
      height: '90%',
      borderRadius: '50%',
      border: '5px solid #f3f3f3',
      borderTop: '5px solid #3498db',
      animation: 'spin 2s linear infinite',
      position: 'absolute',
      left: 5
    }
  }
```

Tests
======

tests will be added hopefully soon.
